Master Wei, what are you talking about?
Because I'm dying
Continue to rely on you
It will only slow you down
We are not suitable
Why do you feel inappropriate now?
You married me two years ago
Why are you not allowed to swallow the killer on Yun Chu?
I have explained it to you many times.
It was the cloud that rolled down by itself
I didn't push it down.
How could you not believe me?
Then why are we still together?
What about torture?
Being with me is torture
OK, then let me continue to torture you.
Did I tell you the truth?
Last night?
I took the initiative to seduce Mr. Chen
Who made him rich?
Pardon me?
And I said, "Okay.
I do not love you
From start to finish
I only want your money.
Then your dad asked me for money
Yes, yes!
I penetrated it with my dad
I still haven't
Anything will do.
I should never have let the transporter give you blood
You should be left to die on the operating table
You you
I'm sick of not knowing his blood
Me too, don't push your luck
I pass out my stomach and your bleeding
He's still in bed.
If you don't understand, don't repay your kindness
How would I tell you to hold him slowly?
He can forget the infinity of the sea
If you still can't find it
Then don't blame me for being infatuated with him